Update plugins.md with semver range support specification (#6733)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _install-and-configure/plugins.md

## Available plugins

> OpenSearch provides several bundled plugins and additional plugins.

Author: ```suggestion
OpenSearch provides several bundled and additional plugins.
```

### Plugin compatibility

A plugin can explicitly specify compatibility with a specific OpenSearch version by listing that version in its `plugin-descriptor.properties` file. For example, a plugin with the following property is compatible only with OpenSearch 2.3.0:

```properties
opensearch.version=2.3.0
```

> Alternatively, a plugin can specify a range of compatible OpenSearch versions by setting the `dependencies` property in its `plugin-descriptor.properties` file using one of the following notations:

Reviewer: shouldn't you specify that this is only available starting with 2.13.0? (all your examples currently use 2.3.0 where it wouldn't even work)

- `dependencies={ opensearch: "2.3.0" }`: The plugin is compatible only with OpenSearch version 2.3.0.
- `dependencies={ opensearch: "=2.3.0" }`: The plugin is compatible only with OpenSearch version 2.3.0.
- `dependencies={ opensearch: "~2.3.0" }`: The plugin is compatible with all versions starting from 2.3.0 up to the next minor version, in this example, 2.4.0 (exclusive).
- `dependencies={ opensearch: "^2.3.0" }`: The plugin is compatible with all versions starting from 2.3.0 up to the next major version, in this example, 3.0.0 (exclusive).

> You can only specify one of `opensearch.version` or `dependencies` properties.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can specify only one of the `opensearch.version` or `dependencies` properties.
```

## Available plugins

> ### Plugin Compatibility

Author: ```suggestion
OpenSearch provides several bundled plugins and additional plugins.

### Plugin compatibility
```

> A plugin can specify explicit compatibility with a specific OpenSearch version. For example, a plugin with following property in its plugin-descriptor.properties is compatible only with OpenSearch 2.3.0

Author: ```suggestion
A plugin can explicitly specify compatibility with a specific OpenSearch version by listing that version in its `plugin-descriptor.properties` file. For example, a plugin with the following property is compatible only with OpenSearch 2.3.0:

```

> ```bash

Author: ````suggestion
```properties
````

opensearch.version=2.3.0
```

> Alternately, a plugin can specify a range of compatible OpenSearch versions using the 'dependencies' property in its plugin-descriptor.properties file. Following notations are supported:

Author: ```suggestion
Alternatively, a plugin can specify a range of compatible OpenSearch versions by setting the `dependencies` property in its `plugin-descriptor.properties file` in one of the following notations:
```

> - `dependencies={ opensearch: "2.3.0" }`

Author: ```suggestion
- `dependencies={ opensearch: "2.3.0" }`: The plugin is compatible only with OpenSearch version 2.3.0.
```

>   Plugin is compatible only with OpenSearch version 2.3.0.

Author: ```suggestion
```

> - `dependencies={ opensearch: "=2.3.0" }`

Author: ```suggestion
- `dependencies={ opensearch: "=2.3.0" }`: The plugin is compatible only with OpenSearch version 2.3.0.
```

>   Plugin is compatible only with OpenSearch version 2.3.0.

Author: ```suggestion
```

> - `dependencies={ opensearch: "~2.3.0" }`

Author: ```suggestion
- `dependencies={ opensearch: "~2.3.0" }`: The plugin is compatible with all versions starting from 2.3.0 up to the next minor version, in this example, 2.4.0 (exclusive).
```

>   Plugin is compatible with all versions starting from 2.3.0 upto next minor version, i.e. 2.4.0 (exclusive).

Author: ```suggestion
```

> - `dependencies={ opensearch: "^2.3.0" }`

Author: ```suggestion
- `dependencies={ opensearch: "^2.3.0" }`: The plugin is compatible with all versions starting from 2.3.0 up to the next major version, in this example, 3.0.0 (exclusive).
```

>   Plugin is compatible with all versions starting from 2.3.0 upto next major version, i.e. 3.0.0 (exclusive).

Author: ```suggestion
```

> Only one of `opensearch.version` or `dependencies` properties is allowed to be specified.

Author: ```suggestion
You can only specify one of `opensearch.version` or `dependencies` properties.
```
